Novak space is extremally disconnected (#1200)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000109/properties/P000049.md

---
space: S000109
property: P000049
value: true
refs:

> - zb: "0684.54001"
>   name: General Topology (Engelking, 1989)
> ---
> 
> {S109} is a dense in {S108} and {S108|P49}, and a dense subspace of extremally disconnected space is extremally disconnected (see {{zb:"0684.54001"}} exercise 6.2.G.c)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- mathse: 3769214
  name: Dense Subspace of Extremally Disconnected Space is Extremally Disconnected
---

{S109} is dense in {S108} and {S108|P49}, and a dense subspace of an extremally disconnected space is extremally disconnected (see {{mathse:3769214}}).
```

> refs:
> - mathse: 3769214
>   name: Dense Subspace of Extremally Disconnected Space is Extremally Disconnected
> ---
> 
> {S109} is dense in {S108} and {S108|P49}, and a dense subspace of an extremally disconnected space is extremally disconnected (see {{mathse:3769214}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---

{S109} is dense in {S108} and {S108|P49}, and a dense subspace of an extremally disconnected space is extremally disconnected.
```
No need for the reference anymore, as it's now part of the meta-properties section for extremally disconnected on the main branch (from #1206).
